a red flag in an evaluation that could be easily missed If you don't train
your eye to it is just recognizing if the evaluation is generic
in nature, you know, is it sure it might talk about some great things,
but it does it answer the questions. So what? You know, for example,
you know, semen. So and so did this period. Okay, so what, you
know, how is that quantified? How is that bringing to achieving an objective
or mission, you know, So if you can't answer the question,
So what? When you're reading a sentence in an evaluation, that is probably
poorly written as well as if the evaluation is just written in
general terms. And there's really no quantifiable data there that
really highlights what the individual is done for that entire year in
those 18 lines that you get in the evil right up. Also, if things
don't match, for example, the way the current evils air done, there's
trade averages, and every single one of those trade averages can be
a one through five. And so, for example, if somebody has a five marked
in leadership is a trade average. But then you see nowhere in their
evaluation right up in those 18 lines where it talks about what
they did is a leader to get that top five spot in the trade average.
That should be a red flag. Why is this person getting marked the highest
they possibly can in that leadership attributes. But yet nowhere
in their evaluation does it talk about what they did is a leader
that should be a red flag and something for you to recognize.